Honey, what's that cube over your head, honey? I have to use a bathroom. I know I can see what you're thinking
I'm I'm thinking about what you bastard. What I'm thinking of soccer. You're thinking of Karen putting out the kitchen fire on you
I don't know how you can say you son about stop that. I'm gonna hire you in a second. You will knock it off
Okay, well look at what I'm thinking about vacation. Oh, that's nice with Rick
That's nice. You're going on vacation with Rick. Well, that's wonderful
You want to see what how I'm feeling right now about your personality. Oh my god. Yeah, minus minus minus
That's terrible. How can you be that way? Look, I'm gonna be going over here. I'm gonna go outside near the tree
Don't make me scratch my ass. I'm idling. Look fine. I'm gonna hide. Oh my god. Look. There's a fire in the kitchen honey squad
Squad
Put it on. I'm putting out deeper to get a little deeper squad
Thank God. Oh, thank God. Oh, Gilligan. Get off the phone. It's fine
Put it out. All right. Oh my god. That was a close call
Wait a minute. Don't be obvious. Is that a black woman?
Oh my god. Is there a black woman in the game? That is a black woman. Okay. Don't be obvious. Don't be obvious
Oh, she can see we're thinking of a black woman. Oh shoot. I have to go to the bathroom. Oh god
I'm gonna have to bitch fighter. No, come on. Don't bitch fighter. You always leave me alone with with her
Oh, man. Don't be angry. Oh, look. I'm gonna go into the I'm gonna pixelate. Okay. Okay. I just for a little while
I don't want to see you in the corner with an afro again on the bottom screen. I just have an afro when I'm in the bottom of the screen
Okay, all right. I'm just gonna look at you. I find don't look at me. I'm not gonna touch your ass when we kiss
I'm not gonna know I'm not always touch your ass. I know you doing your rubber and never touch
Be quiet the black woman's looking over here. Yeah
What what is that? I'm about. I don't know. I'm gonna pull a present out of my ass
Open it. Oh, I don't want that. Okay, try this one. Oh god. It's sticky. It's green. It's not stinky. Open it
I'm trying to but it just keeps disappearing when I open it
Open another one. I don't know how it happens
Look, I put my hand back there
And out of present comes out of my ass. Look, it's gone. No, am I thinking about the bathroom? What am I thinking of?
You're thinking about the kitchen fire again. I wanted to force